available in publicly accessible media or developed through analysis of 360 ONE Mutual Fund. The information/ views / opin￾ions provided is for informative purpose only and may have ceased to be current by the time it may reach the recipient, which 
should be taken into account before interpreting this commentary. The recipient should note and understand that the informa￾tion provided above may not contain all the material aspects relevant for making an investment decision and the stocks may or 
may not continue to form part of the scheme’s portfolio in future. The decision of the Investment Manager may not always be 
profitable; as such decisions are based on the prevailing market conditions and the understanding of the Investment Manager. 
Actual market movements may vary from the anticipated trends. The statements made herein may include statements of future 
expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on our current views and assumptions and involve known 
and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those 
Investors may please note that they will be bearing the recurring expenses of the fund of fund scheme in addition to the expenses of the Underlying Fund in which the fund of fund scheme makes investments.
**Mr. Jitendra Sriram, Mr. Paresh Jain, Ms. Silky Jain, Mr. Kushant Arora and Mr. Ankeet Pandya was appointed as Fund Manager w.e.f July 1, 2026 in place of Mr. Sanjay Chawla.
^Mr. Ankeet Pandya was appointed as Fund Manager w.e.f July 1, 2026 in place of Mr. Himanshu Singh.
^^Mr. Himanshu Singh, Mr. Kushant Arora was appointed as Fund Manager w.e.f July 1, 2026 in place of Mr. Kirtan Mehta.
#
Mr. Rohan Korde, Mr. Himanshu Singh was appointed as Fund Manager w.e.f July 1, 2026 in place of Mr. Jitendra Sriram.
##Mr. Ankeet Pandya was appointed as Fund Manager w.e.f July 1, 2026 in place of Mr. Kushant Arora.
$
Mr. Abhay Joshi, Mr. Kushant Arora, Mr. Yash Mehta was appointed as Fund Manager w.e.f July 1, 2026 in place of Mr. Ankeet Pandya.
$$Mr. Kushant Arora was appointed as Fund Manager w.e.f July 01, 2026.
Kindly refer fund manager and managing since details in the below page.
OTHER SCHEMES
S. 
No
Scheme managed by Mr. Vikram 
Pamnani & Mr. Gurvinder Singh 
